everybody and welcome to the wolf pit
and today we're going to make some
traditional Buffalo ladies and what
we're going to do is start off it's
about two-thirds stick of butter about a
teaspoon of granulated garlic a teaspoon
of Worcestershire sauce and about a
tablespoon of apple cider vinegar if the
original recipe calls for white vinegar
I don't necessarily like white vinegar
so I'm just gonna use apple cider
vinegar and then we're going to pour in
some some hot sauce
all right we say about a cup of hot
sauce all right we got a sauce on the
stove go ahead give this a mix
you know basically all you do is melt
the butter and once it comes to a boil
you are done all right there we got our
sauces up to the boil and we're gonna go
ahead and move it from the heat and
start firing our wings all right we got
our oil hot and ready and we're going to
go ahead and start frying up the chicken
wings
you
hey there we go our chicken wings are
all fried up now we're going to go ahead
and pour our sauce all over the top of
these are drizzled over they want to
toss them out
yeah all right now buffalo wings are all
dressed up and we had our celery and our
homemade blue cheese dressing and I
think I'm gonna try the blue cheese
first though you guys off here this is
blue cheese and mayonnaise about equal
parts
we'll give this try first I love blue
cheese all right it's pretty tasty all
right so now we're going to dive in and
grab a wing here so let's give it a try
I've had two anchor bar sauce before and
this is this is really close when I
let's try it with a little bit of the
blue cheese in it
no that's pretty tasty I can tell this
is real thick blue cheese - mm-hmm Wow
let me give one more try here just to
make sure these tastes right mmm nice
and tender crisp perfect flavor
sometimes it is nice just to keep things
simple like like we did tonight and
stick with the tradition and eat these
are really good wings mmm so thank you
guys very much for watching and we're
going to ahead and finish up this wing